- [[Daily briefing | The Economist]]   [🔗](https://www.economist.com/espresso?itm\_source=parsely-api)
  collapsed:: true
	-
	- [[English]] #None
		- attempts to subvert the last election. #card
		- failure to reckon  #card
		- That is a dismal prospect.  #card
		- have shifted from #card
		- presidents almost always _suffer_ losses #card
		- _As it is_, his party’s _bleak_ electoral prospects are bleak #card
		- Yet that is the only way forward for the #card
		- to corral congressional #card
		- unrelenting pandemic #card
		- Omicron’s economic toll #card
		- Blame inflation #card
		- America’s president is _stuck_ #card
		- the amount spent on _plots_ of land in  #card
		- he authorised _rangers_ to _shoot_ armed _poachers_ and _burned_ 12 _tonnes_ of _tusks_ in protest. #card
		- wildlife service #card
		- As head of #card
		- Mr Leakey later battled the ivory trade #card
		- was the cradle of humanity.  #card
		- bolstered the case that Africa #card
		- the cash to ramp up production and repay debt. #card
		- the country’s largest-ever listing. #card
		- milder impact. #card
		  id:: 61d332a3-d5b7-490f-af35-c0c8147a3f58
		- said it would push ahead with reopening #card
		- the government’s top health adviser warned of a “major disruption” to essential services #card
		- spread #card
		- mounted in many countries #card
		- comes just days #card
		- few remaining #card
		- he demise of Citizen News #card
		- its staff in the face of the #card
		- threw in the towel #card
		- Another independent media outlet in #card
		- to decry #card
		- has been kicked off #card
		- The Georgia congresswoman #card
		- on spreading  #card
		- However, the army’s willingness to cede power has always been in doubt. #card
		- was meant  #card
		- had been reinstated #card
		- demonstrators took to the streets over the weekend  #card
		- It has yet to release #card
		- has raised fears  #card
		- struggle #card
		- _embattled_ #card
		- _saying only that it was pending the release of “inside information”_ #card
	-
-
- _Goodwin’s MKS system: a baseline macro model_ - [Goodwin’s MKS system: a baseline macro model | Cambridge Journal of Economics | Oxford Academic](https://academic.oup.com/cje/article-abstract/39/6/1591/1694396?redirectedFrom=fulltext)
- _Labour Demand: The Basic Model_ - [Labour Demand: The Basic Model | SpringerLink](https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-1-349-22825-6\_5)